doc/cosign_upload_wasm.md, before:

## cosign upload wasm

Upload a wasm module to the supplied container image reference

```
cosign upload wasm [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign upload wasm -f foo.wasm <image uri>
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
  -f, --file string                                                                              path to the wasm file to upload
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for wasm
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
  -y, --yes                  skip confirmation prompts for non-destructive operations
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign upload](cosign_upload.md)	 - Provides utilities for uploading artifacts to a registry

Commit message:

Add --platform registry option
When specified, this option will resolve index references to the image for the
specified platform.

Signed-off-by: Rob Best <robertbest89@gmail.com>

doc/cosign_upload_wasm.md, after:

## cosign upload wasm

Upload a wasm module to the supplied container image reference

```
cosign upload wasm [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign upload wasm -f foo.wasm <image uri>
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
  -f, --file string                                                                              path to the wasm file to upload
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for wasm
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --platform platform                                                                        resolve multi-arch images to a specific platform. Specify the platform in the form os/arch[/variant][:osversion] (e.g. linux/amd64).
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
  -y, --yes                  skip confirmation prompts for non-destructive operations
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign upload](cosign_upload.md)	 - Provides utilities for uploading artifacts to a registry
