doc/cosign_sign.md, before:

## cosign sign

Sign the supplied container image.

### Synopsis

Sign the supplied container image.

```
cosign sign [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign sign --key <key path>|<kms uri> [--payload <path>] [-a key=value] [--upload=true|false] [-f] [-r] <image uri>

  # sign a container image with Google sign-in (experimental)
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign sign <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a local key pair file
  cosign sign --key cosign.key <IMAGE>

  # sign a multi-arch container image AND all referenced, discrete images
  cosign sign --key cosign.key --recursive <MULTI-ARCH IMAGE>

  # sign a container image and add annotations
  cosign sign --key cosign.key -a key1=value1 -a key2=value2 <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key stored in an environment variable
  cosign sign --key env://[ENV_VAR] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Azure Key Vault
  cosign sign --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in AWS KMS
  cosign sign --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign sign --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]/versions/[VERSION] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign sign --key hashivault://[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in a Kubernetes secret
  cosign sign --key k8s://[NAMESPACE]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key, attaching a certificate and certificate chain
  cosign sign --key cosign.key --cert cosign.crt --cert-chain chain.crt <IMAGE>

  # sign a container in a registry which does not fully support OCI media types
  COSIGN_DOCKER_MEDIA_TYPES=1 cosign sign --key cosign.key legacy-registry.example.com/my/image
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
  -a, --annotations strings                                                                      extra key=value pairs to sign
      --attachment string                                                                        related image attachment to sign (sbom), default none
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --certificate string                                                                       path to the X.509 certificate in PEM format to include in the OCI Signature
      --certificate-chain string                                                                 path to a list of CA X.509 certificates in PEM format which will be needed when building the certificate chain for the signing certificate. Must start with the parent intermediate CA certificate of the signing certificate and end with the root certificate. Included in the OCI Signature
  -f, --force                                                                                    skip warnings and confirmations
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for sign
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the private key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret-file string                                                           [EXPERIMENTAL] Path to file containing OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-disable-ambient-providers                                                           [EXPERIMENTAL] Disable ambient OIDC providers. When true, ambient credentials will not be read
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --oidc-redirect-url string                                                                 [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC redirect URL (Optional). The default oidc-redirect-url is 'http://localhost:0/auth/callback'.
      --output-certificate string                                                                write the certificate to FILE
      --output-signature string                                                                  write the signature to FILE
      --payload string                                                                           path to a payload file to use rather than generating one
  -r, --recursive                                                                                if a multi-arch image is specified, additionally sign each discrete image
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
      --upload                                                                                   whether to upload the signature (default true)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
  -y, --yes                  skip confirmation prompts for non-destructive operations
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.

Commit message:

Add --platform registry option
When specified, this option will resolve index references to the image for the
specified platform.

Signed-off-by: Rob Best <robertbest89@gmail.com>

doc/cosign_sign.md, after:

## cosign sign

Sign the supplied container image.

### Synopsis

Sign the supplied container image.

```
cosign sign [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  cosign sign --key <key path>|<kms uri> [--payload <path>] [-a key=value] [--upload=true|false] [-f] [-r] <image uri>

  # sign a container image with Google sign-in (experimental)
  COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign sign <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a local key pair file
  cosign sign --key cosign.key <IMAGE>

  # sign a multi-arch container image AND all referenced, discrete images
  cosign sign --key cosign.key --recursive <MULTI-ARCH IMAGE>

  # sign a container image and add annotations
  cosign sign --key cosign.key -a key1=value1 -a key2=value2 <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key stored in an environment variable
  cosign sign --key env://[ENV_VAR] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Azure Key Vault
  cosign sign --key azurekms://[VAULT_NAME][VAULT_URI]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in AWS KMS
  cosign sign --key awskms://[ENDPOINT]/[ID/ALIAS/ARN] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Google Cloud KMS
  cosign sign --key gcpkms://projects/[PROJECT]/locations/global/keyRings/[KEYRING]/cryptoKeys/[KEY]/versions/[VERSION] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in Hashicorp Vault
  cosign sign --key hashivault://[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key pair stored in a Kubernetes secret
  cosign sign --key k8s://[NAMESPACE]/[KEY] <IMAGE>

  # sign a container image with a key, attaching a certificate and certificate chain
  cosign sign --key cosign.key --cert cosign.crt --cert-chain chain.crt <IMAGE>

  # sign a container in a registry which does not fully support OCI media types
  COSIGN_DOCKER_MEDIA_TYPES=1 cosign sign --key cosign.key legacy-registry.example.com/my/image
```

### Options

```
      --allow-insecure-registry                                                                  whether to allow insecure connections to registries. Don't use this for anything but testing
  -a, --annotations strings                                                                      extra key=value pairs to sign
      --attachment string                                                                        related image attachment to sign (sbom), default none
      --attachment-tag-prefix [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]   optional custom prefix to use for attached image tags. Attachment images are tagged as: [AttachmentTagPrefix]sha256-[TargetImageDigest].[AttachmentName]
      --certificate string                                                                       path to the X.509 certificate in PEM format to include in the OCI Signature
      --certificate-chain string                                                                 path to a list of CA X.509 certificates in PEM format which will be needed when building the certificate chain for the signing certificate. Must start with the parent intermediate CA certificate of the signing certificate and end with the root certificate. Included in the OCI Signature
  -f, --force                                                                                    skip warnings and confirmations
      --fulcio-url string                                                                        [EXPERIMENTAL] address of sigstore PKI server (default "https://fulcio.sigstore.dev")
  -h, --help                                                                                     help for sign
      --identity-token string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] identity token to use for certificate from fulcio
      --insecure-skip-verify                                                                     [EXPERIMENTAL] skip verifying fulcio published to the SCT (this should only be used for testing).
      --k8s-keychain                                                                             whether to use the kubernetes keychain instead of the default keychain (supports workload identity).
      --key string                                                                               path to the private key file, KMS URI or Kubernetes Secret
      --oidc-client-id string                                                                    [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC client ID for application (default "sigstore")
      --oidc-client-secret-file string                                                           [EXPERIMENTAL] Path to file containing OIDC client secret for application
      --oidc-disable-ambient-providers                                                           [EXPERIMENTAL] Disable ambient OIDC providers. When true, ambient credentials will not be read
      --oidc-issuer string                                                                       [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC provider to be used to issue ID token (default "https://oauth2.sigstore.dev/auth")
      --oidc-redirect-url string                                                                 [EXPERIMENTAL] OIDC redirect URL (Optional). The default oidc-redirect-url is 'http://localhost:0/auth/callback'.
      --output-certificate string                                                                write the certificate to FILE
      --output-signature string                                                                  write the signature to FILE
      --payload string                                                                           path to a payload file to use rather than generating one
      --platform platform                                                                        resolve multi-arch images to a specific platform. Specify the platform in the form os/arch[/variant][:osversion] (e.g. linux/amd64).
  -r, --recursive                                                                                if a multi-arch image is specified, additionally sign each discrete image
      --rekor-url string                                                                         [EXPERIMENTAL] address of rekor STL server (default "https://rekor.sigstore.dev")
      --sk                                                                                       whether to use a hardware security key
      --slot string                                                                              security key slot to use for generated key (default: signature) (authentication|signature|card-authentication|key-management)
      --upload                                                                                   whether to upload the signature (default true)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --output-file string   log output to a file
  -t, --timeout duration     timeout for commands (default 3m0s)
  -d, --verbose              log debug output
  -y, --yes                  skip confirmation prompts for non-destructive operations
```

### SEE ALSO

* [cosign](cosign.md)	 - A tool for Container Signing, Verification and Storage in an OCI registry.
